as well as being a problem for hiding a
camera down has a surprising use for
young elephants
it contains the vital bacteria that
break down plant cellulose this kick
starts an infant's digestive system even
a fully functioning adult gut is
inefficient
two-thirds of all food comes out the
other end little chains so the calf may
also gain some nourishment from this
partially digested meal if you're an
elephant eating grass demands
considerable manipulative skills a young
student has plenty of time to watch and
learn feeding takes up 80 percent of an
adult's time they eat a hundred and
fifty kilos of grass he'd stay and their
flatulence matches their appetite they
expel 2,000 liters of methane enough to
run the average gas fire for ten hours
in trunk school practice makes perfect
it's a bit like winding spaghetti on the
phone
trunk and foot coordination is one of
the more advanced techniques it'll be a
long time before the calf is as expert
as this
using tusks and trunk together is
certainly advance grade stuff bark adds
fiber to their diet and also provides
essential mineral supplements the calf
went master this in a hurry at six
months old his tusks Savannah just
started to grow Julius is definitely
higher education here's an A grade five
whisk now it's just a bit of fun he
packs his trunk and is off